Update how-windows-update-works.md (#10482)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/update/how-windows-update-works.md

   - Windows Update uses the thread ID filtering to concentrate on one particular task. 

      ![Windows Update scan log 1.](images/update-scan-log-1.png)
      
#### Proxy Behavior

> For Windows Update (WU) scans URLs which are used for update detection ([MS-WUSP]: SimpleAuth Web Service | Microsoft Docs, [MS-WUSP]: Client Web Service | Microsoft Docs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows Update (WU) scans URLs that are used for update detection ([MS-WUSP]: SimpleAuth Web Service | Microsoft Docs, [MS-WUSP]: Client Web Service | Microsoft Docs:
```

Reviewer 2: I fixed this term, but kept the end parentheses which is needed

> - System proxy is attempted (set using the netsh command).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- System proxy is attempted (set using the Netsh command).
```

Reviewer 2: Arguably, the command is `netsh` from the command prompt. The usage shows all lowercase. So I wrapped it in \` 😄

> - If WUA fails to reach the service due to a certain proxy, service, or authentication error code, then user proxy is attempted (generally it is the logged-in user) Note: For intranet WSUS update service URLs, we provide an option via Windows Update policy to select the proxy behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If WUA fails to reach the service due to a certain proxy, service, or authentication error code, then user proxy is attempted (generally it is the logged-in user). **Note**: For intranet WSUS update service URLs, we provide an option via Windows Update policy to select the proxy behavior.
```

Reviewer 2: I fixed this to be a proper `> [!NOTE]`

> For WU URLs which are NOT used for update detection (download, reporting etc):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For WU URLs that are *not* used for update detection (such as download and reporting):
```

Reviewer 2: I fixed this, mostly by using contraction "_aren't_" and with emphasis

- User proxy is attempted.

> - If WUA fails to reach the service due to certain proxy, service, or authentication error code, then the system proxy is attempted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If WUA fails to reach the service due to a certain proxy, service, or authentication error code, then the system proxy is attempted.
```
